Document install, update, and delete procedures for Argo Rollouts (#61983)
openshift/openshift-docs: cicd/gitops/using-argo-rollouts-for-progressive-deployment-delivery.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="using-argo-rollouts-for-progressive-deployment-delivery"]
= Using Argo Rollouts for progressive deployment delivery
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: using-argo-rollouts-for-progressive-deployment-delivery

toc::[]

:FeatureName: Argo Rollouts
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

> Progressive delivery is the process of releasing product updates in a controlled and gradual manner.

Reviewer: (Applies to this entire introductory section) Should most of this text be moved to the "Benefits of Argo Rollouts" module?

Author: Nope. Not required.

> Progressive delivery reduces the risk of a release by limiting exposure to the new version to a subset of users, observing and analyzing for correct behavior, then progressively increasing the exposure to a broader and wider audience, while continuously verifying correctness. 

Author: Thanks for the suggestion. I want to reduce the usage of passive voice. I have revised the sentence to make it short and this one reads better.

{product-title} provides some progressive delivery capability by using routes to split traffic between different services, but this typically requires manual intervention and management.

> With Argo Rollouts, you can add support to progressive deployment delivery by coupling automation and metric analysis to drive the automated rollout or rollback of a new version of an application. 

Author: Thanks for the suggestion. I am implementing it with just a small change. The new sentence reads better.

Argo Rollouts provide advanced deployment capabilities, and enable integration with ingress controllers and service meshes.

> You can use Argo Rollouts to manage multiple replica sets that represent different versions of the deployed application. Depending on your deployment strategy, you can handle traffic to these versions during an update by leveraging their traffic shaping abilities and gradually shifting traffic to the new version. You can combine Argo Rollouts with a metric provider like Prometheus to do metric-based and policy-driven rollouts and rollbacks based on the parameters set. 

Reviewer: IBM Style Guide re: "leveraging"

> Do not use in technical information because it does not translate correctly in some languages.

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="using-argo-rollouts-for-progressive-deployment-delivery"]
= Using Argo Rollouts for progressive deployment delivery
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: using-argo-rollouts-for-progressive-deployment-delivery

toc::[]

:FeatureName: Argo Rollouts
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

Progressive delivery is the process of releasing product updates in a controlled and gradual manner.

> Progressive delivery reduces the risk of the release by limiting exposure of the new version to a subset of users, observing and analyzing for correct behavior, then progressively increasing the exposure to a broader and wider audience while continuously verifying correctness. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Progressive delivery reduces the risk of a release by limiting exposure to the new version to a subset of users, observing and analyzing for correct behavior, then progressively increasing exposure to a broader and wider audience, while continuously verifying correctness. 
```
wording suggestion, not a blocker

> While you can provide some additional capabilities with {product-title} by using routes to split traffic between different services, this capability typically requires manual intervention and management.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{product-title} provides some progressive delivery capability by using routes to split traffic between different services, but this typically requires manual intervention and management.
```
wording suggestion for minimalism

With Argo Rollouts, you can add support to progressive deployment delivery by coupling automation and metric analysis to drive the automated rollout or rollback of a new version of an application. 
Argo Rollouts provide advanced deployment capabilities and enable integration with ingress controllers and service meshes. 
You can use Argo Rollouts to manage multiple replica sets that represent the different versions of the deployed application. Depending on your deployment strategy, you can handle traffic to these versions during an update by leveraging their traffic shaping abilities and gradually shifting traffic to the new version. You can combine Argo Rollouts with a metric provider like Prometheus to do metric-based and policy-driven rollouts and rollbacks based on the parameters set. 

[id="prerequisites_using-argo-rollouts-for-progressive-deployment-delivery"]
== Prerequisites

> * {gitops-title} 1.9.0 or a later version, is installed in your cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* {gitops-title} 1.9.0 or a newer version is installed in your cluster.
```
